I didn't have the switch on.
That was on and off.
That's why it didn't happen.
Well, so the impermanent, all these cells that are all very short-lived are kind of absorbed into the later cells.
So the everlasting story of Nori is really the very short-lived
story of Nori at a very small three-month juncture in her life.
So I like the ironic flavor of the title, even though it's exciting to risk.
It's almost postmodern, in a tiresome way, to risk
or to risk sentiment.
Because you don't get anything if you don't start with some kind of love or affection or some kind of passionate feeling about something.
There are many books that I've started to write and have stopped because I just don't have a powerful enough charge of feeling to sustain
the book to the end.
I mean, you know it from your own books.
It's a tremendous amount of work to do these things, to compress it all into one finished thing.
Unless you really have the feeling that there's something desperately important about it, I'm too lazy to get it done.
Unless I have the feeling I'm too lazy to get it done.
And the feeling here is just a primitive one of
of wanting to be able to remember what my daughter was like, more or less.
I think it's the guy who's driving me around.
We'll be wrapping up pretty soon.
We'll be wrapping up pretty quickly.
Go ahead, just finish that thought.
I'm glad I got you first this morning.
That's another reason I'd like to get the first book of the day, by the way.
Well, you know, the other weird thing is, in some ways it's an easier book to read from and to think about and to do interviews about, because I feel as if I'm not kind of exhibiting a piece of my own life.
All the other books are more or less about me or about bits of my own imagination that I've artificially kind of... The Fermata, for instance.
I mean, that was a childhood fantasy of mine, that I could stop time and do all these adolescent things.
Fox?
Fox was, you know, what would these two people say?
Well, I'll use my own imagination.
But that's not drawn from you.
Is that drawn from your own...
No, no, but it's drawn from my own imagination of what would be, you know, if you're typing along, you think, what would be funny or arousing?
I think we should put that into context.
Go ahead.
Yeah, yeah.
You mentioned that they're all drawn from aspects of your own self.
So you should probably put books into some better context.
Right.
Well, I mean, they're all products of my imaginative self, shall we say.
Even a book like The Size of Thoughts, which is non-fiction, and I go around interviewing people and stuff, I am personally interested in fingernail clippers, and therefore I'm going to do a piece on it.
But this one, I put myself aside, and I just decided to kind of see what I could do with this other person.
It's true that she's my flesh and blood, and so I know her better.
It's not a big leap of imagination, really, but there is more of an active, this kind of solipsistic person that I naturally am and I enjoy being.
I was able to hold down for a bit in order to look at somebody else.
Well, our pop-up books and paper engineers, you're
interest or hers, for instance.
Actually, we share that interest, because I collect pop-up books.
You're going to be very important.
Forget the rest, but that's like Pepys.
I got in on that from the very beginning.
I love the ones that really are dated in time, too, like the royal family, the pop-up book.
There's Charles and Diana and the Queen, and they're all clapping.
That's a fact of great collectors I have already.
No, when I was doing that thing on books as furniture, in The Size of Thoughts, I went with Alice, in fact.
I said, let's go to the children's section.
I want you to pick out the pop-up, the strange books, the books that are like toys that interest you.
And that's why I came through it, because I was doing the idea of books being, you know, books trying to become more than
books, but also books celebrating their flappiness.
Well, the tactile nature of the book.
Right.
Exactly.
So you get all those doors and everything.
Long before interactivity became a, you know, like books don't have interactive aspects.
Right.
The Mystery of the Russian Ruby was one of the ones that I wrote about, where you open one page and you've got a bookcase and it opens and there's a disappearing foot.
That's great.
Just amazing things.
But there's a guy, Chuck, somebody, Chuck, not Chuck Norris, Chuck Russell, Chuck Noe, who did a one, two, one, two, three, four, five.
It's black and white.
When you open it, all these colored animals and creatures come out of the numbers.
That is one of the finest ones I've ever seen.
You've got to go.
Would you say, did you inscribe my book for me?
I would.
I'd be happy to.
I'll even give you a nice crumb pen.
Yeah, I didn't quite finish that thing, but...
about the love part, you know, but... This is the book I'm proudest of.
Really?
Yeah.
Jesus Christ, did I get my kicker in the very last minute?
Well, but I think it's because I finally succeeded in...
in catching on paper some of the reasons that I think life is worth living or some... That's nice.
Yeah, I think that's maybe part of it.
There's a period right there.
It's a perfect... It's excellent.
Okay, so let's see.
Let me shut this up.